after this Absalom the son of David had
a lovely sister whose name was tamer and
Amnon the son of David loved her Amnon
was so distressed over his sister tamer
that he became sick for she was a virgin
and it was improper for a man to do
anything to her
but Amnon had a friend whose name was
Jonathan the son of shamea David's
brother
now jonadab was a very crafty man and he
said to him why are you the king's son
becoming thinner day after day well you
not tell me
I'm non said to him I love Tamar my
brother Absalom sister lie down on your
bed and pretend to be ill and when your
father comes to see you say to him
please let my sister Tamar come and give
me food and prepare the food in my sight
that I may see it and eat it from her
hand
then amnon lay down and pretended to be
ill and when the king came to see him
amnon said to the king please that Tamar
my sister come and make a couple of
cakes for me in my sight that I may eat
from her hand and David sent home to
Tama now go to your brother ahem Nan's
house and prepare food for him so Tama
went to her brother
AM Nan's house and he was lying down
then she took flour and kneaded it made
cakes in his sight and bake the cakes
and she took the pan and placed them out
before him but he refused to eat
have everyone go out for me um they all
went out from him then Amnon set to Tama
bring the food into the bedroom that I
may eat from your hand and Tama
took the cakes which she had made and
brought them to Amnon her brother in the
bedroom now when she had brought them to
him to eat he took hold of her come lie
with me my sister with me from you
however he would not heed her voice and
being stronger than she he forced and
lay with her then Imam hated her
exceedingly so that the hatred with
which he hated her was greater than the
love with which he had loved her and I'm
nan said to her arise begone
[Music]
no I'm sending me away it's worse than
the other that you did to me but he
would not listen to her then he called
his self to a champion here put this
woman out it's away from me and bolt the
door behind her now she had on a robe of
many colors for the Kings virgin
daughters wore such a peril and his
seventh put her out and bolted the door
behind her
then tamer put ashes on her head and
tore her robe of many colors that was on
her and laid her hand on her head and
went away crying bitterly
and absalom her brother said to her has
Amnon your brother been with you
he is your brother do not take this
thing to heart
so Tama remained
desolate in her brother Absalom's house
but when King David heard of all these
things he was very angry and Absalom
spoke to his brother AB man neither good
nor bad for Absalom hated Amnon because
he had forced his sister tamer and it
came to pass after two full years that
Absalom had sheep shearers and Bale
Heiser which is near afraid so
Absalom invited all the king's sons then
Absalom came to the king kindly note
your servant has sheep shearers please
let the king and his servants go with
your servant no my son let us not all go
now lest we be a burden to you then he
urged him but he would not go and He
blessed him then Absalom said if not
please let my brother am not go with us
why should he go with you but Absalom
urged him so he led Amnon and all the
king's sons go with him our Absalom had
commanded his servants watch now when AM
nons heart is merry with wine and when I
say to you strike Amnon then kill him do
not be afraid have I not commanded you
be courageous and valiant so the
servants of Absalom did to Amnon as
Absalom had commanded then all the
king's sons arose and each one got on
his mule and fled and it came to pass
while they were on their way that news
came to David Absalom has killed all the
king's sons and not one of them is left
so the King arose and tore his garments
and lay on the ground and all his
servants stood by with their clothes
torn then jonadab the son of shamea
David's brother answered let not my lord
suppose they have killed all the young
men the king's sons for only Amnon is
dead for by the command of Absalom this
has been determined from the day that he
forced his sister Tamar now therefore
let not my lord the king take this thing
to his heart to think that all the
king's sons are dead her only Amnon is
dead then
Absalom fled and the young man who was
keeping watch lifted his eyes and looked
and there many people were coming from
the road on the hillside behind him and
jonadab said to the king look the king's
sons are coming as your servants said so
it is so it was as soon as he had
finished speaking that the king's sons
indeed came and they lifted up their
voice and wept also the king and all his
servants wept very bitterly but Absalom
fled and went to town I the son of a my
hood king of Keyshia and David mourned
for his son every day so Absalom fled
and went to Giza and was there three
years
and King David longed to go to Absalom
for he had been comforted concerning AB
nan because he was dead
[Music]